Retire Duplicate Documentation (#4341)
dotnet/diagnostics: documentation/dotnet-counters-instructions.md

> This documentation is now being maintained here: [dotnet-counters](https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/a201d22d8c33fcb77af093edb96d0fe669e0e491/docs/core/diagnostics/dotnet-counters.md). This doc is no longer being updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation is now being maintained here: [dotnet-counters](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/diagnostics/dotnet-counters). This doc is no longer being updated.
```
